Implementation security 117 (#138)
SW709E19/Report: report/ChapterImplementation/Security.tex

\section{Security}\label{sec:security}
Security is an important part of any software project and should always be taken into consideration when developing such projects.
During this section the different consideration made during this project will be elaborated and some of the technical details will be described.

With this project the primary type of communication will be that of sensor data.
The data are sent from the devices via Wi-Fi to the gateway and from the gateway to the cloud as described in~\autoref{par:design}.

> The interception of data during transmission is not a vulnerability to the system.

Reviewer: Hvorfor er interception of data ikke en sårbarhed? Pga. den måde vi har implementeret eller pga. at data'en der bliver sendt ikke er så kritisk?

Author: Fordi dataen jo ikke er sensitiv og vi vel i princippet er lige glade med om der er andre der kan læse den.

However if an attacker was able to inject/send wrong data to the cloud it would become a huge problem.
Financially it would become expensive to handle the data and the predictive maintenance could give incorrect predictions.

> Through the implementation of the sensor devices and gateways, Wi-Fi was used to communicate between the devices \cite{ESP32Wi-Fi}\cite{RaspberryWi-Fi}.

Reviewer: Det giver ikke mening at have kilder på en sætning, som siger at vi bruger Wi-Fi?
```suggestion
Through the implementation of the sensor devices and gateways, Wi-Fi was used to communicate between the devices.
```

\section{Security}\label{sec:security}

> %Outline:

Reviewer 2: Fjern gerne outlinen, tænker jeg.

%\begin{itemize}
%\item Motivation for security
%\begin{itemize}
%    \item since we have no sensitive data, wrong data is useless.
%    \item data that have been tampered with does result in wrong predictions.
%\end{itemize}
%\item Sensor devices
%\begin{itemize}
%    \item Wi-Fi encryption, good for attackers not on the same network.
%    \item Our layer of trust includes the gateways Wi-Fi, but does not include communication form the gateway to Google Cloud IoT Core.
%\end{itemize}
%\item Google Cloud IoT Core
%\begin{itemize}
%    \item Management of tokens and access control.
%    \item Tokens have access based on roles they are assigned during creation.
%    \item Communication from gateways are done through TLS 1.2
%    \item Security at rest? encryption?
%\end{itemize}
%\end{itemize}

> Security is an important part of any software project and should always be taken into consideration then developing such projects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Security is an important part of any software project and should always be taken into consideration when developing such projects.
```

During this section the different consideration made during this project will be elaborated and some of the technical details will be described.

> With this project the primary types of communication will be the transition of sensor data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this project the primary type of communication will be that of sensor data.
```

> The data is set from the devices via Wi-Fi to the gateway and from the gateway to the cloud as described in~\autoref{par:design}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The data are sent from the devices via Wi-Fi to the gateway and from the gateway to the cloud as described in~\autoref{par:design}.
```

The interception of data during transmission is not a vulnerability to the system.
However if an attacker was able to inject/send wrong data to the cloud it would become a huge problem.

> Both financially it would become expensive to handel the data and the predictive maintenance would become meaningless if incorrect data was present in the data set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Financially it would become expensive to handle the data and the predictive maintenance could give incorrect predictions.
```

Through the implementation of the sensor devices and gateways, Wi-Fi was used to communicate between the devices.

> The Wi-Fi access point transmitted by the gateway is secured with WPA2 encryption that makes it hard for attackers to guess the password. \cite{WPA2}

Reviewer: Det er ikke helt tydeligt hvad der bliver cited her. 
Del det op så du har:
- En sætning der siger at både sensor device og gateway understøtter WPA2 encryption + evt. kilder.
- En sætning der siger hvor svært det er at bryde WPA2 + kilde som ikke er wikipedia.

> The use of WPA2 also makes it hard for an attacker to intercept the network traffic due to the AES encryption that WPA2 applies.

Reviewer: Mangler kilde

From the gateways to the cloud the traffic will cross the public internet where many different attack vectors are present.

> To overcome some of these the gateways uses Googles Root certificate to encrypt traffic before it is being sent to Google Cloud IoT Core with MQTT \cite{GoogleCloudSecurity}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To overcome some of these the gateway uses Googles Root certificate to encrypt traffic before it is sent to Google Cloud IoT Core with MQTT \cite{GoogleCloudSecurity}.
```

> The root certificate uses TLS 1.2 to ensure a secure connection between to parties \cite{TLS}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The root certificate uses TLS 1.2 to ensure a secure connection between parties \cite{TLS}.
```

Moreover, before the data can be transmitted to the cloud the gateway must authenticate with a JSON Web Token(JWT) generated using a certificate file unique to each gateway \cite{JWT}.

> Each gateway has its own certificate used to generate the JWT used for communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each gateway has its own certificate used to generate the JWT used for authentication.
```

> The certificate os only useable for one device and does only allow limited access to the cloud services thus limiting the damage in case of a breach.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The certificate is only useable for one device and does only allow limited access to the cloud services thus limiting the damage in case of a breach.
```

> The certificate os only useable for one device and does only allow limited access to the cloud services thus limiting the damage in case of a breach.

Reviewer: Burde vi være lidt mere konkrete i forhold til hvad man egentlig kan med et certificate?
